with good morning new york in this
social friday especially we
Accompany the chef or a warrior to
teach us how to prepare delicious
empanadas that can get us out of trouble
this weekend especially welcome
to our here
I show you how it's done after I go to
end here eating
let's find here we are going to put from here
half a teaspoon of sugar one half
teaspoon of sugar and half
teaspoon of salt we are working
with three cups
we also put a little salt that
is about half a teaspoon and that
the dry ingredients first we're going to
also put an egg
it's very easy then then by
here we have this same spoon I will
I'm going to put 3
olive oil and olive oil
perfect ok ok let's mix the
clear with the
with a fork always so that you can
mix and you can join everything from
would then perfect and detail
detail not know that I will not
I put water I like to do it with some
passion fruit juice can also be like
this orange and let's say that
you think it's interesting maracuja look
amazing and tamarind a shame madness
so we're still here mixing this
of course yes 3 cups of flour we put
a teaspoon of half sugar
teaspoon of salt and olive oil
but also if you can put a
mixer if we work has been in case
people do not have that anymore
instruments but if we are going to put a
little bit more of that and since we do not have
time to do it does everything that it
does is mixed with the masses
perfectly with the hands ok or the
hands knead pretty well going to happen
well here we have a mass look here
well and what we do with it is that
after we put it against texture
that already becomes a mass the
We put a plastic sleeve or a
something napkin we take it to the fridge
minimum half hour
perfectly a plastic cover of
save food and you can leave it until a
time and leave it a week
first a very cold temperature can
give up a month well
exactly what you eat how easy
would like to do this
I wish we had
a little bit of this here simply
putting a little bit of flour and
what we do is natalia look very
simple let's go if you do it and it's going
going around until you achieve this that
is here look at it here well how does it
[Music]
it's simple
so you're ready to put that
look we just saw the thickness
perfect you can also put that
a little detail there
we say pastelito to this for
the shapes that are redondito have two
tapita party time to catch one
[Music]
we can do it like you and it's going to be like that
for nothing like only two Argentines and
simply a detail you have to put a
little water on the banks so that
can hit well
here
we have that not everything I love
here I do a little but we
let's go for a break
we come back with a lot more good morning
of value